exercises/lists/assignment-make-teams.en.md, before:

# Making Teams

You receive a list of participants which need to be grouped in teams of a given size.

For example, say our list of participants is Annie, Ashley, Butcher, Frenchie, Hughie, John, Kimiko and Maeve.
We need teams of size 4, a possible allocation would be

* Team 1: Annie, Ashley, Butcher, Frenchie
* Team 2: Hughie, John, Kimiko, Maeve

However, it is possible that the number of participants is not divisible by the team size.
In this case, the leftover participants are added to existing teams.
This causes some teams to have an extra member.

:::TASK
Write a function `make_teams(participants, team_size)`.

* `participants` is a list of names.
* `team_size` is an `int`.
* The function must return a list of teams, i.e., a list of list of strings.

Which participant is assigned to which team is up to you.
:::

:::USAGE

```python
>>> make_teams(['Annie', 'Ashley', 'Butcher', 'Frenchie', 'Hughie', 'John', 'Kimiko', 'Maeve'], 4)
['Annie', 'Ashley', 'Butcher', 'Frenchie'], ['Hughie', 'John', 'Kimiko', 'Maeve']]

# First teams of 3 are made. Two participants are left. They are assigned to existing teams.
>>> make_teams(['Annie', 'Ashley', 'Butcher', 'Frenchie', 'Hughie', 'John', 'Kimiko', 'Maeve'], 3)
['Annie', 'Ashley', 'Butcher', 'Kimiko'], ['Frenchie', 'Hughie', 'John', 'Maeve']]]

>>> make_teams(['Annie', 'Ashley', 'Butcher', 'Frenchie', 'Hughie', 'John', 'Kimiko', 'Maeve', 'Marvin'], 4)
['Annie', 'Ashley', 'Butcher', 'Frenchie', 'Marvin'], ['Hughie', 'John', 'Kimiko', 'Maeve']]

```

:::

Commit message:

added hints to lists/make-teams

exercises/lists/assignment-make-teams.en.md, after:

# Making Teams

You receive a list of participants which need to be grouped in teams of a given size.

For example, say our list of participants is Annie, Ashley, Butcher, Frenchie, Hughie, John, Kimiko and Maeve.
We need teams of size 4, a possible allocation would be

* Team 1: Annie, Ashley, Butcher, Frenchie
* Team 2: Hughie, John, Kimiko, Maeve

However, it is possible that the number of participants is not divisible by the team size.
In this case, the leftover participants are added to existing teams.
This causes some teams to have an extra member.

:::TASK
Write a function `make_teams(participants, team_size)`.

* `participants` is a list of names.
* `team_size` is an `int`.
* The function must return a list of teams, i.e., a list of list of strings.

Which participant is assigned to which team is up to you.
:::

:::USAGE

```python
>>> make_teams(['Annie', 'Ashley', 'Butcher', 'Frenchie', 'Hughie', 'John', 'Kimiko', 'Maeve'], 4)
[['Annie', 'Ashley', 'Butcher', 'Frenchie'], ['Hughie', 'John', 'Kimiko', 'Maeve']]

# First teams of 3 are made. Two participants are left. They are assigned to existing teams.
>>> make_teams(['Annie', 'Ashley', 'Butcher', 'Frenchie', 'Hughie', 'John', 'Kimiko', 'Maeve'], 3)
[['Annie', 'Ashley', 'Butcher', 'Kimiko'], ['Frenchie', 'Hughie', 'John', 'Maeve']]

>>> make_teams(['Annie', 'Ashley', 'Butcher', 'Frenchie', 'Hughie', 'John', 'Kimiko', 'Maeve', 'Marvin'], 4)
[['Annie', 'Ashley', 'Butcher', 'Frenchie', 'Marvin'], ['Hughie', 'John', 'Kimiko', 'Maeve']]
```

:::

:::HINT

* Determine how many teams you'll end up with.
* Create enough lists to accommodate the participants of every team.
* You want to distribute the participants among those teams evenly.
  Think about how you would evenly distribute candy to children without having to do any math.

It's possible that the number of participants is lower than the team size.
You might need to pay special attention to this case.
:::
